.. sectnum::

====================
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
====================

Application and entire agreement
===================================

Applicability
-------------
   
   These Terms and Conditions apply to the provision of the services offered on our website slotsops.com or via our API served at address api.Slotsops.com (**Services**) by Integrated OPS Soltions Ltd, a company registered in England and Wales under number 10106483 whose registered office is at 173 Mill Road, CB1 3AN Cambridge (**we** or **us**) to the person buying the services (**you**).

   #. By creating an account on our website you declare to accept these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are the entire agreement between us.

   #. You acknowledge that you have not relied on any statement, promise or representation made or given by or on our behalf. These Conditions apply to the Contract to the exclusion of any other terms that you try to impose or incorporate, or which are implied by trade, custom, practice or course of dealing.

Interpretation
==============
#. A "business day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or bank holiday in the United Kigdom.

#. The headings in these Terms and Conditions are for convenience only and do not affect their interpretation.

#. Words imparting the singular number shall include the plural and vice-versa.

Services
========
#. **TO BE DONE, BELOW IS NOT APPLICABLE**

#. We warrant that we will use reasonable care and skill in our performance of the Services which will comply with the quotation, including any specification in all material respects. We can make any changes to the Services which are necessary to comply with any applicable law or safety requirement, and we will notify you if this is necessary.

#. We will use our reasonable endeavours to complete the performance of the Services within the time agreed or as set out in the quotation; however, time shall not be of the essence in the performance of our obligations.

#. All of these Terms and Conditions apply to the supply of any goods as well as Services unless we specify otherwise.

Your obligations
================
#. By subscribing to our services you are entering a legal contract either as a physical person or a business entity. All information provided to us in order to obtain access to our services must be accurate to the best of your knowledge. False, altered or misleading information will be treated as a breach of this terms and conditions and will result in the immediate termination of the services.

#. It is your responsibility to securely store your passwords and access keys in order to avoid unauthorized access to your information and non-authorized charges to your payment method.
We take all measures when designing our systems to guarantee the security of the data both in transit from your browser or server to our servers as well as when stored on our equipment.
We are not liable in any circumstances for damages generated by misconduct on your side of your passwords or access key.

#. In certain circumstances we will get in touch with you to obtain authorizations or additional information required by our providers in order to activate certain services. Should you fail to provide such information we will not be able to provide these services. We shall not be liable for any delay in the activation of the services which is result of your failure to provide such details in a timely fashion.

Fees
====
#. The fees for the Services are published on our website an may be subject to change. Should we need to change any of our fee you will be notified in advance and will have the option to exit this contract at any time.

#. The Fees are exclusive of any applicable VAT and other taxes or levies which are imposed or charged by any competent authority. With regards to VAT this is applicable at UK rates to all UK businesses and private customers. Domestic rates apply to VAT entities of the European Union outside of the UK and will be charged according to the EU regulations on VAT for the provision of electronic services.
VAT is not applicable to entities residing outside of the European Union. These customers will need to comply with the local regulations of their country and we shall not be held liable for any tax, duty or charge levied on the customer.

------------

**TO AMEND FROM HERE**

------------

Cancellation and amendment (MAY NOT BE APPLICABLE)
==========================

#. We can withdraw, cancel or amend a quotation if it has not been accepted by you, or if the Services have not started, within a period of 7 days from the date of the quotation, (unless the quotation has been withdrawn).

#. Either we or you can cancel an order for any reason prior to your acceptance (or rejection) of the quotation.

#. If you want to amend any details of the Services you must tell us in writing as soon as possible. We will use reasonable endeavours to make any required changes and additional costs will be included in the Fees and invoiced to you.

#. If, due to circumstances beyond our control, including those set out in the clause below (**Circumstances beyond a party's control**), we have to make any change in the Services or how they are provided, we will notify you immediately. We will use reasonable endeavours to keep any such changes to a minimum.

Payment
=======
#. We will invoice you for payment of the Fees either:
    a. when we have completed the Services; or
    #. on the invoice dates set out in the quotation.

#. You must pay the Fees due within 7 days of the date of our invoice or otherwise in accordance with any credit terms agreed between us.

#. Time for payment shall be of the essence of the Contract.

#. Without limiting any other right or remedy we have for statutory interest, if you do not pay within the period set out above, we will charge you interest at the rate of 8% per annum above the base lending rate of the Bank of England from time to time on the amount outstanding until payment is received in full.

#. All payments due under these Terms and Conditions must be made in full without any deduction or withholding except as required by law and neither of us can assert any credit, set-off or counterclaim against the other in order to justify withholding payment of any such amount in whole or in part.

#. If you do not pay within the period set out above, we can suspend any further provision of the Services and cancel any future services which have been ordered by, or otherwise arranged with, you.

#. Receipts for payment will be issued by us only at your request.

#. All payments must be made in British Pounds unless otherwise agreed in writing between us.

Sub-Contracting and assignment
==============================
#. We can at any time assign, transfer, charge, subcontract or deal in any other manner with all or any of our rights under these Terms and Conditions and can subcontract or delegate in any manner any or all of our obligations to any third party.

#. You must not, without our prior written consent, assign, transfer, charge, subcontract or deal in any other manner with all or any of your rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions.

Termination
===========
#. We can terminate the provision of the Services immediately if you:
    a. commit a material breach of your obligations under these Terms and Conditions; or
    #. fail to make pay any amount due under the Contract on the due date for payment; or
    #. are or become or, in our reasonable opinion, are about to become, the subject of a bankruptcy order or take advantage of any other statutory provision for the relief of insolvent debtor; or

    #. enter into a voluntary arrangement under Part 1 of the Insolvency Act 1986, or any other scheme or arrangement is made with its creditors; or

    #. convene any meeting of your creditors, enter into voluntary or compulsory liquidation, have a receiver, manager, administrator or administrative receiver appointed in respect of your assets or undertakings or any part of them, any documents are filed with the court for the appointment of an administrator in respect of you, notice of intention to appoint an administrator is given by you or any of your directors or by a qualifying floating charge holder (as defined in para. 14 of Schedule B1 of the Insolvency Act 1986), a resolution is passed or petition presented to any court for your winding up or for the granting of an administration order in respect of you, or any proceedings are commenced relating to your insolvency or possible insolvency.

Intellectual property
=====================
#. We reserve all copyright and any other intellectual property rights which may subsist in any goods supplied in connection with the provision of the Services. We reserve the right to take any appropriate action to restrain or prevent the infringement of such intellectual property rights.

Liability and indemnity
=======================
#. Our liability under these Terms and Conditions, and in breach of statutory duty, and in tort or misrepresentation or otherwise, shall be limited as set out in this clause.

#. The total amount of our liability is limited to the total amount of Fees payable by you under the Contract.

#. We are not liable (whether caused by our employees, agents or otherwise) in connection with our provision of the Services or the performance of any of our other obligations under these Terms and Conditions or the quotation for:
    
    a. any indirect, special or consequential loss, damage, costs, or expenses or;
    #. any loss of profits; loss of anticipated profits; loss of business; loss of data; loss of reputation or goodwill; business interruption; or, other third party claims; or
    #. any failure to perform any of our obligations if such delay or failure is due to any cause beyond our reasonable control; or
    #. any losses caused directly or indirectly by any failure or your breach in relation to your obligations; or
    #. any losses arising directly or indirectly from the choice of Services and how they will meet your requirements or your use of the Services or any goods supplied in connection with the Services.

#. You must indemnify us against all damages, costs, claims and expenses suffered by us arising from any loss or damage to any equipment (including that belonging to third parties) caused by you or your agents or employees.

#. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall limit or exclude our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for any fraudulent misrepresentation, or for any other matters for which it would be unlawful to exclude or limit liability.

Circumstances beyond a party's control
======================================
#. Neither of us is liable for any failure or delay in performing our obligations where such failure or delay results from any cause that is beyond the reasonable control of that party. Such causes include, but are not limited to: power failure, Internet Service Provider failure, industrial action, civil unrest, fire, flood, storms, earthquakes, acts of terrorism, acts of war, governmental action or any other event that is beyond the control of the party in question. If the delay continues for a period of 90 days, either of us may terminate or cancel the Services to be carried out under these Terms and Conditions.

Communications
==============
#. All notices under these Terms and Conditions must be in writing and signed by, or on behalf of, the party giving notice (or a duly authorised officer of that party).

#. Notices shall be deemed to have been duly given:
    a. when delivered, if delivered by courier or other messenger (including registered mail) during the normal business hours of the recipient;
    #. when sent, if transmitted by fax or email and a successful transmission report or return receipt is generated;
    #. on the fifth business day following mailing, if mailed by national ordinary mail; or
    #. on the tenth business day following mailing, if mailed by airmail.

#. All notices under these Terms and Conditions must be addressed to the most recent address, email address or fax number notified to the other party.

No waiver
=========
#. No delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy nor stop further exercise of any other right, or remedy.

Severance
=========
#. If one or more of these Terms and Conditions is found to be unlawful, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, that / those provisions will be deemed severed from the remainder of these Terms and Conditions (which will remain valid and enforceable).

Law and jurisdiction
====================
#. These Terms and Conditions are governed by and interpreted according to English law. All disputes arising under these Terms and Conditions are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
